Target Scenarios:
  An Ancient One
    You come upon a small village and the locals venerate you. You can freely
    take their stuff and use their workshops, which is great, but depending on
    how you treat them the balance between fear and respect may shift one way
    or the other.
  The Herbalist
    You come to a village where several people are sick. The village herbalist
    describes to you the steps that he is taking to treat them, and begs for
    your help. By researching the disease you find that you are carrying a
    mixture of foreign dried plants that should treat it, but you don't have
    enough to treat all of the sick villagers. Exploring the area yields a
    native plant that can be used as a substitute for one of the medicine
    components, allowing you to dilute what you have and save everyone.
  The Explorer
    You love seeing uncharted vistas, but you don't see them often because you
    carry a map with you and draw the land as you explore it. You've sailed
    between continents and met speakers of a dozen different languages, using
    magic to aid you in communication and travel. You've seen hundreds of
    different animals and thousands of different plants on your journey, and
    you've catalogued them all.
  The Dwarf
    As a dwarf, you love building things. You train as an architect so that you
    can draw up blueprints for a massive cathedral. As you start to build it,
    other dwarves show up to help you, fueled by rumors of your project. You
    quarry local stone and chop local timber for most of the building, but some
    of the ornaments are made of imported materials that you buy from a
    merchant in a nearby town. The dwarves helping you know various skills that
    they use to decorate the building, and when it is complete, travellers come
    from all over the world to visit it.
  The Leader
    As an elf leading a band of elves, you exert loose control over your fellow
    elves, and together you settle in the wilderness, constructing a small
    village hidden among the trees. Daily tasks such as tending farm plots and
    gathering food from the forest are communal chores. As your village
    prospers, a few migrants may arrive, but you also build magical devices
    which connect with other elven settlements, and population is fluid. The
    village is home to other magics though: spells that strengthen and monitor
    the land and celestial spells that bring visions of important events. As
    elves, combating chaos and the dark forces of the world brings joy, and the
    village is also a base from which to do so.
  Destiny's Chosen
    Most people lead boring lives and witness great events only infrequently.
    You aren't most people. You find yourself in a unique circumstance which
    means that your actions will affect the lives of thousands or even
    millions. Your life is hectic and you barely get a chance to rest, but it
    is filled with excitement. After you've done your best and history settles
    once again into a time of stability, however brief, you have a chance to
    rest and get back to a more normal life.
